#Fixawy 
is the best platform to search home service craftsmen in Egypt.
-------------------------------
#Fixawy
 holds special experienced craftsmen for Plumbing works - Electricity - Carpentry - Air Conditioning - Gypsum Board - Aluminium Works - Tiling Works - Painting Works,…
-------------------------------
#Features : 
1 ) Professional Fixers
Fixawy doesn't accept any fixer except the ones who passes Fixawy interviews, quality assurance and safety, Every fixer on Fixawy has a file includes a copy of national ID and clean criminal record.
---------------------------
2 ) Pricing System
Fixawy had make it comfort instead of exhausting price negotiation after every process, As after the job done the system sends a message with the process price.
----------------------------------------
3 ) Fixer Rating
The system gives you an opportunity to make a review on the fixer after your job done so that the fixer could enhance his services.
------------------------
4 ) Calculate your needs
If you are willing to finish your apartment, you will find a calculator that helps you to calculate your materials needs like Floors, Paint, Bricks and Cement.
--------------------------

#Categories :

Electrician
Plumber
Painting Works
Tiling Works
Plaster Work
Carpenter
Gypsum Board
Aluminium Works
Air Conditioning
Satellite Technician
Solar Cells
Marble and Granite
----------------------
#History:
Fixawy was originally developed by Khaled Gamal to help in finding a trusted technicians.in the beginning the started in a small zone to try it after asking people and researching, and then in june 2016 the cover hole government of Alexendria with a  team consist of 11 members. 
-----------------------
#How It Works
Search

Search through hundreds of fixers to get the perfect one for you.

Reserve Fixer

Reserve the fixer any time you want then you will get confirmation within short time

Getting Served

The fixer will come to you at the defined time, after his job done the app will take your review about the provided service to help the new users to pick up fixers
-------------------------------------
#Fixawy Pricinng System:
Easy and simple pricing system designed to ensure non-exploitation, so that the technician enter different factors affect the value of the invoice indirectly while ensuring not overstatement.
The system of pricing light maintenance (less than 3 working hours for plumbing, carpentry and electricity) is calculated by the point system, the cost of one quarter hour in the first hour by one point and the second half by a point so as to ensure that the technical benefit does not benefit from exaggeration in working time, Depending on the seriousness of the work and skill required to complete the work risk and skill less points 1 and top points 5, for example, if the industrial works on a rope ladder will be dangerous 5 and if the business is simple to install faucets or replace parts with 1 or 2 and if required work requires Professional high-voltage work in 380 Watt or electric panels The price of the point varies from one province to another and varies from one profession to another, but the time of purchase of the goods is not calculated from the time of work.
---------------------------
# Why This Fixer Is FIXAWY?
In order to ensure the interests of the users of the application will remain a priority of the company to ensure the acceptance of technicians after passing their tests and personal interview to ensure that he will provide a good level of service knowing that the technicians are not employees in the company.
.personal interview
.Tests or certificates of experience
.A copy of his/her ID card is in the company
. Certificate of Criminal/ Police Record.